Um, all right, whatever do it. It's fine, man. It's all good.
But he really cleared it because what happens is here is a little BTS on the
behind the scenes of congratulations podcast. Nevermind. It's not important,
but what is important now? I just remember BT. Yes.
Is that a Asian group? All right, dude. Hey,
are they video games? I've got a question for you.
BTS, are you video games?
The reason why I ask that is because you look like people on final fantasy,
you don't look like actual people. You look like when you move, it goes,
cause that's all did you see?
Oh my I don't and I know their fan base is
voracious and they with you.
And they're so angry at you. If you make fun of them.
And I just want you to know plain and simple and very clearly
I don't give a. You understand me? Do you feel me saying that
first of all, BTS? Well,
the first of all is they look like video games, period.
They look like actual video game characters.
They would be like where they would be like, hello,
would you like to talk to me? And you're just like,
what would you like to talk to me about the village?
I'm sure. Where can I find the disc? Well,
all I know is Jeremy's been talking about it for a long time.
You might want to check with him.
How many times has everyone in the group BTS said this,
you might want to check with him.
He was acting kind of strange.
I'm not sure, but Jeremy was acting kind of strange.
You might want to talk to the stork through that.
How many times I'm BTS. How many members of BTS are there?
How many human members in South park,
where the guy goes, human that's held so funny,
but God their video games, dude. I, I,
how were their F they already have, um, plastic surgery, right?
Aren't they like 12? Or are they like, have they been around for a long time?
Oh, this video episode on
why they could dance though. Huh? But that's because they're animated, dude.
There's this one video that this guy keeps, I think it's Brendan Walsh.
Um, let me see. Yeah, I think it's him.
It's so funny. He's my favorite guy to follow on Twitter. Malibu.
What's Brendan Walsh, uh, Malibu, Brendan.
And he keeps tweeting the BTS.
He calls the BTS salami biting, fake out.
And First of all, I was on Fallon tonight.
I guess we're one of the guys that he looks like a video game dude,
where he pretends to bite a huge piece of salami.
And then doesn't and like gives the camera wide eyes. Like you faked them out.
And Malibu, Brendan, Brendan wa, which is Brendan while she's a comedian.
He's hilarious. And then he writes,
forget about the Corona virus watching BTS boy prank by the salami is
infectious. Have a salami.
I have salami fever and he's done like 40 of these knock knock who's there.
I'm going to bite the salami. I'm going to bite this salami. Who'd JK.
I'm not going to bite the salami. LOL. I thought you were going to bite it.
I know I tricked you BTS salami, biting, fake out.
You got to look at these. They're really funny.
But the one that made me laugh so hard is probably the first one.
He does not bite that salami in this video.
But if any salamis get bitten in the future, he will be the prime suspect.
[Inaudible] dude.
Right? And that's number 25.
And he writes one fourth of the way to 100 tweets about this BTS salami biting.
Fake-out Jeff.
Dude.
I, I think he's the funniest guy on Twitter. It might, it might be Rob Delaney.
I mean that guy's been killed for a long time, but, man.
Like the F the fact that he's going so hard in the paint from
this thing, the guy from BTS, I hope he's seen it. He's probably like, Oh.
I mean, he looks like a video game. Look at here. Here's another one.
If you watch closely, it looks like he's definitely about to bite that salami.
But at the last minute he stops and moves the salami away from his face.
The question is, was this planned in advance or was it done spot?
Oh.
The one that I laughed so hard at was the one I think I retweeted it.
Oh man.
Oh, how do I get to my own Twitter? Sadad um,
I wrote, I wrote, this is the funniest guy than tweet. I've written five years.
Oh, this one was my favorite one for sure. The number seven,
the director is like the director is like salami biting scene.
Take one. Action. Wait, cut, cut. Cut.
Don't bite that salami and the dude and the dude is like, as you wish.
Oh.
The, as you wish, really put me over the top, man. What?
I don't, I, I legit. I, when I first saw this,
this is how I learned who BTS was,
by the way I thought I legit thought that this was a video game.
Why are they being video games? I want to be a video game.
You might want to talk to the stork.
They need to make a song called. You might want to talk to this stork.
Let's listen, let's watch a YouTube video of them, but I can't. But,
but I will though, but I don't want to get demonetized, but I will though.
I know for a little bit
what BTS,
you might want to talk to this stork.
Here we go. I'm just gonna
[inaudible]
wow. Game show. Uh,
that's a song or a theme song.
Hey, here we are welcomed back to, you might want to talk to the store.
We've got a stork here.
You'll get to chat to talk to the store to get the chest all the
time. Here's the question. Are these people video games? Um,
I would say yes. Oh, let's check with a stark rock. Yup.
They're video games.
You might want to talk to the store with your host. I mean to say Nick.
With your host. Um,
wow dude. That's so annoying. Oh God. They're so annoying.
Those automatic things. When you, when you, when you call someone,
I'm trying to help just have a
person until you until it's indistinguishable. Hmm. I didn't quite get that.
Hmm. I didn't quite, I didn't quite understand you.
Hmm. Hey, there is no reason for a robot to go.
Hmm. We.
All know we're talking to a robot.
So just get right to the sentence.
Hmm. I didn't.
Quite get that. Why is the robot stuttering?
Why did you program the robot to starter?
Hmm, I.
Didn't quite get that. You might want to talk to the stork.
All I know is the stork was acting strange.
All I know is the troglodyte was acting strange.
Uh,